Overall, I felt that I did a good job of meeting the requirements set for us on the grading rubric. The most
notable flaws (aside from animation glitches) are the lack of a real third level, a top-down level, and a flight
animation. However, the last one was intentional as I felt the use of flight in a platformer sort of sours the
experience and defeats the purpose of platforming. 

I do have two working levels, the first of which features a city scape for the parallax background. The game 
features a splash/start screen, and some mechanical complexity beyond the tutorials we have done. For instance,
there are invisible entities that make the player produce swim animations, there's a power-up collectible that
changes the color scheme of the player and allows access to a third more powerful, and visually complex attack.

On that note I have three working attacks: a punch, a kick, and a lightning bolt. All three are represented in
the game as projectiles, but each has its own set of animation frames to accompany the shot if the player is
standing still. On top of this, each projectile has it's own timer and they expire at different rates, effectively
creating varied ranges for each attack. The boot is shorter ranged, but stronger compared to the punch. However,
the lightning has better damage and range than the punch and the kick.

My self-portrait is a surprised construction worker that appears on the Game Over screen. He also appears 
in full-animation on the 'third' level which is more a showcase of the game's sprites so you can get a better look
at them or just fly around to browse the sprites at your leisure.

Kristoff, the main character, has a fully animated run sequence, jump sequence, fall sequence, climb sequence,
swim sequence, and three fully animated attack sequences. 

The game's sprites are two evil one (Sentry Beavers and Otter Boxes) and one neutral/friendly sprite (the lunchbox).
More so, Rudy and Dr. Blenditt, while important to the story, act as neutral sprites and don't inflict harm on
the player. Of the two enemy sprites, the Sentry Beavers are dynamic, and move around the platforms, while
the Otter Boxes are staticly in place, though they do animate on a deeper level and throw projectiles.

The player's lives are shown at the top left of the corner, with a small version of Kristoff's head/neck. The 
player technically has 3 lives, which gives them four attempts at the level. Each death respawns the player
at the start of the level.

Player health is not visually expressed, but it is set at a default value of 20, with most enemy encounters 
killing Kristoff on-contact or after two hits.

With these things in consideration, I would technically give myself about an 90 in terms of met requirements. 
However, I am no artist and I don't feel my level design is particularly exciting. So with some deductions
for my inability to spice things up, I'd feel comfortable at at least an 80 overall. 